Please
There are no outsiders here, you say
Yeah, right.
I've already heard about Qin Yuantu
Didn't expect this to happen
I miss the Labor Superintendent
In fact, the younger generation is here this time
I mainly want to ask the witness one thing
My second uncle met the witness before the accident
I want to know what you guys talked about
Well, since you want to know
Then I'll tell you.
Why did the big brother go in for so long and there is no news at all?
Will there be any problem?
I don't know, just wait and see, it should come out in a while.
Hey, Junior Brother Huashou?
Do you remember the adult next to the visa just now?
What's wrong with Mowgli?
It's nothing, I just feel that the other person seems familiar
I don't know where I saw it
Maybe I'm overthinking it.
Oh, I see.
I see
Thank you for the information
Hey, the only thing with your second uncle is old
But I have to warn you.
You must be careful
Thank you for the reminder
By the way, I remember witnessing a few days ago that the country lacked a lesson
I think Qin Feng is good
Reasoning is also a must
Let's make him a doctor of law
What do you think?
Hmm
Thank you, Mr. Li
Thank you witness
I will arrange this later
Yes
Oh, right.
Lord Jincheng
I also want to ask you about someone else
Who?
A student of Beard Construction
Named Zhou Qian
Zhou Qian